docs/technical.md, before:

# Technical Details: Under the Hood

MemoryDeck is built with modern web and desktop technologies, focusing on performance, offline capability, and a premium user experience.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

### Frontend Core
- **React 19**: Utilizing the latest features for efficient rendering.
- **TypeScript**: Ensuring type safety across the entire application.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid, responsive design.
- **React Router (HashRouter)**: Enabling client-side routing that works perfectly in both browser and Electron environments.

### Desktop Integration
- **Electron**: Wrapping the web application into a native Windows executable.
- **electron-builder**: Managing the packaging and installation process (`memorydeck_installer.exe`).
- **electron-packager**: Used as a fallback for generating portable standalone folders.

---

## 💾 Data Architecture

### SQLite Persistence
MemoryDeck is strictly offline-first. It now leverages a structured **SQLite** database for superior data integrity and performance on desktop.

- **SQLite (Desktop)**: All Decks, Cards, and user progress are stored in a native `memorydeck.db` file handled by `better-sqlite3`.
- **Local Storage (Fallback)**: For browser-based previews, the app seamlessly falls back to the browser's `localStorage`.

---

## 🔊 Native Features

### Web Speech API
The **Spelling Check** feature leverages the `window.speechSynthesis` API. 
- **TTS Engine**: It automatically detects and uses the highest-quality voice available on the host operating system (e.g., Microsoft David/Zira on Windows).
- **Dynamic Feedback**: Provides audio cues for correct/incorrect answers during learning sessions.

---

## 📦 Build Process

### Relative Asset Loading
To ensure compatibility with the `file://` protocol used in Electron, the Vite configuration is set to:
```typescript
base: './'
```
This forces all imports (JS, CSS, Images) to use relative paths, preventing "404 Not Found" errors in the packaged executable.

### Packaging Lifecycle
1. **Compilation**: `npm run build` generates a minified `/dist` folder.
2. **Main Process**: `electron/main.cjs` initializes the Electron window and loads the local `index.html`.
3. **Packaging**: `electron-builder` compresses the resources into an NSIS installer.

Commit message:

Refactor toast timer and refine deck UI
Toast: improve timer/progress bar behavior by adding a bar ref (useRef), managing width/transition directly in useEffect, ensuring remaining is set to 0 on timeout, and fixing effect dependencies to stabilize animations and pause/resume behavior.

WordListManager / DeckEditor: restructure deck editor layout and spacing, support startInAddMode, tighten edit/add UI (inline edit view, improved list rendering, bulk import button, centered action row), tweak deck header padding and toggle rendering to avoid layout jank.

Docs & README: update branding/capitalization to "MemoryDeck", clarify features (SQLite persistence, Tailwind v4, Electron v34, TTS/Spelling mode, bulk import, AI generation roadmap), improve Vite/build notes and developer prerequisites/instructions.

docs/technical.md, after:

# Technical Details: Under the Hood

MemoryDeck is built with modern web and desktop technologies, focusing on performance, offline reliability, and a premium user experience.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

### Frontend Core
- **React 19**: Implementing modern hook-based state management and efficient UI updates.
- **TypeScript**: Ensuring strict type safety across the UI and data layer.
- **Tailwind CSS v4**: Utilizing the latest CSS-only configuration and the `@tailwindcss/vite` plugin for lightning-fast styling and reduced bundle sizes.
- **React Router (HashRouter)**: Providing stable client-side routing within the Electron `file://` protocol environment.

### Desktop Integration
- **Electron v34**: Wrapping the React application into a native desktop container.
- **SQLite (better-sqlite3)**: A high-performance, native database engine for persistent storage.
- **electron-builder**: Handles the creation of the production-ready NSIS installer (`MemoryDeck_installer.exe`).

---

## 💾 Data Architecture

### Persistent SQLite Storage
Unlike traditional web apps that rely on volatile storage, MemoryDeck uses **SQLite** for all production data.

- **Storage Location**: Data is stored in `memorydeck.db` within the application's local directory.
- **Schema**:
    - `decks`: Store collection names and metadata.
    - `terms`: Store words, definitions, IPA, and grammatical functions.
    - `progress`: Store SRS (Spaced Repetition System) data, including status (New, Learning, Mastered) and last review timestamps.
- **Web Fallback**: For development and browser previews, the app automatically transitions to `localStorage` when the Electron API is unavailable.

---

## 🔊 Native Features

### Voice & Speech
The **Spelling Check** mode utilizes the native `SpeechSynthesis` API.
- **Dynamic Selection**: The app queries the OS for available voices, prioritizing natural-sounding English variants.
- **Real-time Synthesis**: Provides immediate audio feedback for vocab terms, reinforcing auditory learning.

---

## 📦 Build & Development

### Vite Configuration
The project uses a custom Vite setup optimized for Electron:
- **Relative Paths**: `base: './'` ensures all assets load correctly from the filesystem.
- **Vite-Tailwind Bridge**: Integrated via `@tailwindcss/vite` to handle the modern Tailwind v4 syntax.

### Packaging Pipeline
1. **Build**: `npm run build` compiles the React source into the `/dist` directory.
2. **Main Process**: `electron/main.cjs` (CommonJS) bootstraps the Electron app and sets up IPC (Inter-Process Communication) for database access.
3. **Packaging**: `npm run electron:build` invokes `electron-builder` to bundle the app into a distributive installer.
